Besides v-if vue js also provides another
mechanism for this displaying element
If the v-if condition does not met or
in other words when the v-if is false.
We can make use the v-else directive
Now let's open the conditional rendering two dot html
And here we have two alerts show up.
Let's say here we'll hide the message
You have some records when no record found otherwise hide the message
You have no any records if any records
found. Let's switch back over to our editor
then open the conditional rendering two dot html
and then here we just define v-else we
don't need to specify any values here.
just v-else only. Let's see now the second message disappear.
If we try to change the records with any values. Let's have a look
Now we'll have the second message appears. Besides v-if
and v-else vue js also provides another directive that is
v-else-if we can make use of this directive if we have
more than two different elements that we want to show
or hide based on certain conditions. Just like v-if
this directive receives a boolean value when the
value is true the element where it is placed
will be shown or hidden when it's false.
Now let's open the conditional rendering three dot
html
and here we have three alerts show up for
example here we want to show the message
You have no any records
If there was no records found at all and two other alerts  hidden
or we want to show the message you have only one record if there is only one record found and two other
alerts hidden or we want to show the message
you have more than 1 records if there are more
than one record found and two other alerts will be
hidden. Let's switch back over to our editor then open conditional
rendering three dot html. In this first alert we can
define
v if
data length less than zero.
Then in the second alert
we can define v else if equals data dot length
is equals one
then here in the third alert we can define v else
Now let's see.
Something went wrong.
Let me see
data is not defined
Anyway this should be records not data because if I go to data
This is the record property that I mean
well this should be less than 1 meaning that the record is empty.
OK now the first alert appears.
Now let's try to change the value of this
records with one data and then have a look.
OK now the second alert appears.
Let's try to change the value of the records again
with two or more data and then let's have a look
again.
Now on the third alert appears.